>> Mathew DesLauriers: Okay, the other
thing I wanted to just highlight is
because I think sometimes when you go
through these kind of exercises of using
cubes and spheres and toruses and stuff
like that, you get into this sense of
why am I just using a cube when I
can load any model in the world and
I can create this like
crazy complicated thing.
But I think there's something
really beautiful and
powerful in working with
really simple shapes.
And so, this is a branding and sort of
design identity for a film festival.
And I'm not even sure if they used code or
if they just used Cinema4D or
something like that.
But basically, what I wanted to highlight
is that these simple shapes with
simple lighting information can be really
powerful depending on how you execute it
and how you present it.
So rather than just looking at your
cube scene and saying it's just cubes,
it's not that interesting.
I think there's something
really powerful and
limiting yourself to only work with cubes.
Or limiting yourself to only work
with simple and primitive shapes,
just like we were doing with the 2D API,
because it sort of forces you into this
different way of presenting your work.
And so, that's just something to say don't
feel too discouraged if you're only able
to create cubes because you can
still do a lot of stuff with cubes.